Create associating-a-custom-page-to-a-content-type.md (#764)
vtex-apps/io-documentation: docs/en/Recipes/templates/associating-a-custom-page-to-a-content-type.md

For that, it's possible to benefit from *content types* and use them as variables in your route path.

This way, the assets of the page will be related to the id values of that *content type.* 

Take the following example: imagine you created a page in *Store Setup > CMS > Pages* with the following URL `/store/:store_id`. A few days have passed and you decided to change the `/store/:store_id` URL to `/store-finder/:store_id`. Notice that this wouldn't be a problem and the assets previously related to `/store/:store_id` would be available in `/store-finder/:store_id` since, in this example, the page content is tied to a content type and not a URL.

For implementation details, check the following sections.

## Guidelines

To associate the assets of a [custom landing page](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-developer-docs/docs/vtex-io-documentation-creating-a-new-custom-page) to an id, you must note the following when creating the URL:

1. The URL recognizes any param named `{entity}_id` as a *content type* (e.g., `${entity}`).

>⚠️ *Notice that, for the URL definition, adding the name of the content type is not enough. You must also attach `_id` in the sequence.*

> >⚠️ *If you create a URL such as `/foo/:bar`, the content will be tied to that URL, since there's no param capable of being interpreted as a content type. Thus, if, for example, you access *Store Setup > CMS > Site Editor* and look for  `/foo/skywalker`, the content related to `/foo/:bar` won't be displayed.*

Author: ```suggestion
>⚠️ *If you create a URL such as `/foo/:bar`, the content will be tied to that URL since there's no param capable of being interpreted as a content type. Thus, if, for example, you access *Store Setup > CMS > Site Editor* and update the content for `/foo/skywalker`, the content related to any page matching `/foo/:bar` will be updated as well.*
```
